the mother military
welcome to topcast and to an episode
more an editorial than an explainer
video although I'll be doing some
explaining and maybe some historical
reflection this is mainly my opinion on
a certain topic du jour so to speak and
as you would have seen from the title of
the YouTube or podcast episode it's
called the mother military there have
been concerns of light raised across
many Western nations of what appears to
have been a turn in the traditions of
our Defense Forces the militaries of our
world our physical bulwark so to speak
against the enemies of the Enlightenment
what we turn to when diplomacy fails our
Defense Forces our militaries in the
west have seemingly been focused to a
worrying extent to some of this upon
implementing certain political
ideologies which could even be seen in
part to be anti-enlightenment everyone
is of course for diversity certainly of
ideas in the west and even diversity of
people yes but should for example
physical standards in the military be
lowered to accommodate let's say those
with diverse abilities so should we
lower the capacity to run and carry
weapons cardiovascular and strength
requirements Fitness in other words the
physical training standards because I
don't know let's say some people are
overweight or should we demand that they
meet the minimum physical standards
militaries across the world forever and
a day have a long tradition of physical
standards because well when the chips
are down you want the fighting men and
women to be ready to fight they need to
be in Tip-Top shape and ever ready we
cannot predict when a disaster will
happen and they need to be called upon
importantly Defense Forces exist as
deterrence
this may be as or even more important
they function that they serve when set
beside their literal fighting
capabilities the military needs to be
seen to be a scary thing it's rather
like the argument for nuclear weapons
nuclear weapons exist at all because
well our enemies have them it deters
them from attacking us because if they
do so our Superior Firepower in
particular in the form of the Firepower
from the United States its nuclear
capacity and secondarily that of the UK
Europe NATO and the military
capabilities of everywhere else like
South Korea Japan Israel Australia and
Canada would absolutely obliterate any
attack from anywhere in the world so
finally and completely there would be
little left of any attacking Nation or
Coalition of Nations that attacked any
member of the Allied West the Western
Nations led by the US and the UK and
NATO are a terrifying and dangerous
potential foe utterly unrivaled by
anything else on Earth our weapons say
Do not test us do not push us too far
you would lose and you would lose badly
you might have weapons as well but this
would not not be the Trope of mutually
assured destruction it would be a
one-sided annihilation
sure our potential enemies in China and
Russia have nukes we get that but they
are of a relatively ancient kind
outdated and we've seen already recently
Russia in action in Ukraine this
so-called Once Upon a Time superpower is
basically relying on Ancient outdated
military hardware poorly trained
soldiers who have very little commitment
to the cause bad leadership and hopeless
tactics and as I say superseded
technology
China is little better should these guys
launch nukes let's say nato would shoot
them down almost immediately and even if
one did get through the defenses to
cause a disaster somewhere the Reign of
Fire that would come down in response on
all their nuclear facilities with such
ferocity and speed those nations would
be bombed back almost to a literal Stone
Age this thankfully is something the
West does not want and so it is a
virtuous thing that they know what we
could do and we know they know what we
could do and what they could do and what
they could do set beside what we can do
is not much this is how things really do
stand at the moment the difference in
defense and attack capabilities of
Western Nations versus those who oppose
us really is the difference between
Western technology more broadly in the 4
of apple and Tesla and Google and open
AI versus well whatever Russia's got and
the cheap imitations of those things
that China steals mainly from the US and
South Korea from time to time it is the
difference between nations in the west
the enlightenment tradition
Dynamic societies that tend in the
direction of a tradition of criticism
and the more static societies that tend
in the direction of authoritarianism the
entire difference there is drawn along
those lines which is why we can know
that in any battle between one side and
the other we would be victorious it
would be a one-sided battle as it is a
one-sided battle when it comes to
technology broadly medicine broadly
freedom and liberty broadly an Open
Press broadly the list is long as it
would be in a military conflict it would
be a
one-sided annihilation of One Versus the
other just to linger on this for the
moment before I get to the main point of
this podcast this is not merely a story
of numbers although the differences are
staggering look at the difference here
in terms of military spending of NATO
Nations where we have over a trillion
dollars is being spent and something
like a third of that number being spent
by the Coalition of China and Russia on
average compared to the rest of the
world Western Nations NATO spend 141 of
the global average on defense whereas
China and Russia only spend 44 compared
to the average on defense far far less
and that's merely the numbers that
spending of money due to the difference
in wealth between the Nations makes all
the difference it is the difference
between well-paid soldiers and those who
can't be bothered fighting and instead
want a better life likely in Western
Nations where we are it is also the
difference between more and less
effective equipment even if the total
number of let's say guns and artillery
my might be less in Western Nations who
cares about those numbers our guns and
artillery are better period many in the
west who have a naive understanding of
how these things work look at the
numbers of soldiers let's say active
military personnel or those that might
be available to fight and think wow
China and Russia outdo Us in some ways
look at these numbers in terms of active
Personnel NATO has more something like
3.1 million
China and Russia a little over 3 million
so it's similar there the reserves China
and Russia have far more than what we do
in terms of available for military we by
we I mean NATO sure Australia is not in
NATO but we would be on the side of NATO
obviously in any conflict available for
military service
205 206 million China and Russia 420 421
million that's a lot more that's more
than double but really really would all
420 fighting men and women really be
committed to the fight would they
I don't think so I think a lot of them
would want to leave as they do right now
during peace time in Wartime they'd
absolutely want to leave those countries
so who cares about those numbers
moreover even if we just focus on the
active Personnel where the numbers are
similar
who's better trained who's more
motivated who actually knows how to
operate the equipment they have
who has equipment that actually works
and won't run out of ammunition or fuel
or fail just due to a lack of
Maintenance and in Modern Warfare yes
sure ground forces are important but the
overwhelming difference comes down to
air power in any Modern War
and we can see here the difference in
total number of aircraft of NATO versus
China we completely outclassed them here
nowadays air power makes all the
difference in terms of devastating the
occupants of the nations of the
aggressor that is what makes the
difference in morale in any Modern War
Western fighter jets and bombers are
simply streets ahead of anything China
and Russia have which are at best poor
copies of Western military technology
and again how well maintained are
Chinese and Russian craft if the Ukraine
war is anything to go by not very and
how reliable are their logistical lines
how well protected are their airports
can we easily bomb their runways and
Destroy what little Air Forces they do
have before they can ever use the
equipment they have and as Jocko willink
points out Western Nations employ a
tactic known as decentralized command
China and Russia are authoritarian to
the core no one's willing to do anything
for fear of being literally lined up
against the wall and shot so they won't
take the initiative politically and
militarily they will always await orders
that's their tradition and who's giving
the orders in those countries other
people who won't give any orders until
they're told exactly what to do by the
dictators at the top and as I'm speaking
in 2023 that is Vladimir Putin in Russia
and Xi Jinping in China but the US the
UK and NATO don't operate that way we
have a different set of military
Traditions now
the officers and soldiers of those
militaries modern Western militaries are
trained to think creatively be proactive
and take charge this too makes all the
difference a creative approach to
fighting it's not as much top down sure
it still is top down but it is far more
an individualist approach of course
there's absolutely discipline in Western
militaries and orders are given of
course that thing is similar but the
orders are in the form of objectives and
everyone at every rank knows they are
responsible
in authoritarian regimes everyone is too
afraid to take the initiative for fear
of stepping out of line but the West
rewards sensible stepping out of line
taking the initiative being a leader in
China and Russia there is only one
leader
indeed
so in modern military conflicts it's not
just a story of numbers it's a story of
cultures and capabilities it is about
modernity versus aging and decaying
defense material it is often said for
example that North Korea has one of the
largest armies on Earth well okay but
you dig in and you notice a few things
firstly the soldiers are paid terribly
how committed would they be to a war
when they begin to starve worse what's
their equipment like I can tell you I've
read the accounts in recent history on
this and it is kind of hilarious in
certain respects there are just these
laughable Tales of soldiers unable to
drive their own trucks because they've
never learned to they don't have the
money for the fuel to go around training
every soldier who would need to drive a
truck during wartime how to drive the
truck because they don't have the
resources number one but number two
there's also these ridiculous
authoritarian rules and the overwhelming
majority of weapons they have are
decades old they've got insufficient
fuel for their vehicles and insufficient
training of people who would operate
those Vehicles they've got insufficient
ammunition morale as low as anywhere on
the planet a place where the military
themselves the front line soldiers are
as likely to turn on their own leaders
or just surrender as attack any invading
Force so numbers are never the whole
story they're barely any part of the
story and all of what I've said just
there about North Korea applies in part
two to China and Russia we've seen that
in Ukraine these places with these huge
militaries are actually weak militarily
sure you can Google numbers about how
many tanks Russia and China have versus
the west or how much artillery they have
and it might look as if Russia and China
on some Metric have more but how
effective are they how old are they what
is their range and accuracy in the first
Gulf War a war hardened Iraqi military
fresh from fighting Iran and with vast
numbers of powerful tanks with
experienced units inside them were
easily defeated in a Range War by the
U.S the United States there to defend
Kuwait from the invading Iraqis simply
just destroyed a rocky tank after tank
one at a time because they were firing
from Beyond the range of the old Iraqi
Soviet tanks it was an obliteration this
included among other battles the
so-called Battle of Medina Ridge and I
remember as a young boy in high school
getting up early in the morning in 1991
before the sun rose to watch the latest
news about this and other tank battles
because well my father was once a tank
driver in What's called the cmf the
citizen military forces in Australia in
the late 1960s early 1970s so I heard
about tanks and I was excited about
tanks and you know being a little boy
and here I was witnessing the first
real-life televised War happening before
my eyes on the screen and so I was
fixated on the details the M1 Abrams
tank simply outclassing the Soviet t-72
tanks of Iraq those t-72 tanks had
proven the themselves in previous Wars
over and again but they were no match
for the modern American tanks does
anyone doubt that even with
China and Russia having upgraded some of
their material that it's not still true
today whatever China Russia North Korea
whoever whatever they've got is still
going to be ancient by comparison to
what we have superseded by the US the UK
NATO South Korea Israel and others look
Israel once took on the militaries of
five nations who simultaneously invaded
it in 1948 five nations they took on at
once with no help and they won Israel
won and ever since this nation has had
to live in a region where Nations still
have a policy to this day that they
should not exist that they should be
pushed into the sea that they are
illegitimate and on the global scale in
the United Nations that Israel's
defending of themselves is somehow an
attack and so it goes this is what David
Deutsch refers to as the pattern which
undergirds anti-Semitism it is
maintaining the legitimacy of hurting
Jews but let me not go down that road
right now among many other factors not
least Superior ideas and the greater
moral claim and stronger allies Israel
itself simply has better technology than
those surrounding it more committed and
better trained Fighters and tactics and
they are of the West they are in the
enlightenment tradition a tradition of
criticism so this tiny place in the
Middle East is an island absolutely
bristling with power now multiply that
by an order of magnitude and you've got
something like the UK and the US NATO
and their allies but we cannot be
complacent they the enemies of the West
are bellicose they are plagued with bad
ideas they are enemies are likely to
make silly errors putting themselves
their own people in danger and hence our
people as well they are a danger to the
world in short these regimes and so we
must ever be on guard with powerful
Defense Forces to deter them from making
silly errors so it is also a difference
of ideas
authoritarianism and anti-democratic
institutions an anti-enlightment ideals
not only make Nations weak and their
people supine but also military is weak
and soldiers supine this difference only
grows over time especially as members of
the weaker societies look to the West
with envy and admiration and many of
them leave to come here it is no
accident there is a net movement out of
Russia and China to other places the USA
is the most desirable place in the world
the UK NATO countries more broadly as
well as Australia New Zealand Canada and
Israel are not far behind people are
fighting to get into those places and
out of places like China Russia and
North Korea indeed with North Korea the
regime there is fighting to keep people
in
I know the difference that makes all the
difference in the world so all of that
everything I've said so far is just a
preamble because my point here is why
would we ever want to do anything to
make it seem like we are taking a
backward step in the eyes of our enemies
in becoming let's say more like them in
particular why would we want to turn our
military from being the sharp point of
our worldview into something far more
nebulous and distracted from its Central
mission to defend to be a physical
fighting force to become more mothering
the mother military in other words
mothers are powerful of course mothers
defend their children it's true and to
the death they would
but they don't in general attack their
own children they are the soft place for
children to fall the traditional role of
mother and father has evolved for a
reason and while there are many aspects
of these traditional gender roles to
criticize it is important to notice some
aspects of how the traditional parenting
roles as they are understood even apply
to Modern militaries and societies the
concept of a mother government and a
mother military exists for example in
North Korea a place I've studied to some
extent and I live with my own personal
Douglas Murray who is an expert in this
area and he has informed me over many
years about this kind of thing and this
is what I'm going to explain to you some
of his perspective on this this is
Jeremy Allen who is a literal expert in
Korea and Asia with University degrees
in that area but more importantly than
that someone who is absolutely committed
to studying the history and the modern
politics of this area and what I'm about
to say to you is a mingling of my ideas
with his ideas the Kims the Kim regime
in North Korea and the Communist Party
aren't just the fathers of the nation
they're the mothers of the nation too it
is a Trope and perhaps unfair but
observed by people like Jordan Peterson
for example that while men will engage
in physical fighting when conflict
arises between them the female reaction
to conflict to dissent or to being
perceived as others not loving them
enough is not to engage in a physical
confrontation quite so often but rather
to gossip and publicly shame and then to
Rally your friends around you now this
gossip shame and rally style this
feminine way of engaging in conflict is
precisely what happened to people in
North Korea who say anything about the
mother government the gossip happens
when the Inman bomb which is a kind of
community leader that exists in every
town in North Korea notices something
amiss the shaming happens through
literal weekly criticism sessions look
that up and then the rally happens
through getting the society government
and arms of the government the police
the Law Courts and the military to side
with them the gossip mongers against you
the subject of the gossip and the Rumor
because you might have said something
against the mother government so what's
this got to do with us who cares what
they do in North Korea well this is an
exact reflection of what has come to be
known as cancer culture in our society
where gossip shame and rally is the
normal way to deal with a dissenting
view nowadays modern woke culture can be
seen in much the same way you are
supposed to love it and can't be
ungrateful to it because it is at least
in large part A movement which claims to
be by women for women using feminine
rather than masculine urges and
emotional Tendencies and the woke see
themselves as doing something
fundamentally good for everyone because
while masculinity is toxic femininity is
the anti-venom at the heart of today's
cultural landscape in the west while to
hurt a man's feelings is okay because
men should suck it up to hurt a women's
feelings is to transgress a terrible
taboo and this hurting of feelings can
come down to Mere criticism no matter
how valid under woke culture women
should never be criticized on to this
mode of thinking but rather they should
always be validated they need to be
validated and affirmed as do
lgbtqia plus people and other minorities
while men are seen as the cause of all
or almost all society's wrongs so of
course it's only men who are according
to this ideology only men are the valid
recipients of criticism again this is on
this view mind you on the work view not
in reality we see it all the time in
advertising the advertising Trope is the
stupid father and the wise mother it is
Homer Simpson versus margin Lisa it is
Peter Griffin versus Lois it is Phil
Dunphy the father from Modern Family
versus his wife women are portrayed over
and again as competent and strong men
are the bumbling fools alpha males so to
speak are just not funny or appealing
rather much of the time according to
work sensibilities and yes I get it it's
a reaction to the past when men were
always portrayed as being virtuous and
women were always portrayed as
subservient but now the pendulum has
swung in the other direction and we
shouldn't be afraid to call this out and
recognize it for what it is I mean today
we can witness how far the pendulum is
swung because look at this trans
ideology that's happening right now if a
man transitions to a woman he is now a
she whose feelings you are hurting if
you criticize them if a woman
transitions to a man it was a woman's
agency that made the decision in the
first place so she now he needs to be
validated and affirmed as well with
increasingly more perhaps most of the
academic and now legal class being made
up of women the concept of men being a
subclass of human pervades education and
Academia and the legal consequences of
the decisions by women at the top are
largely forgiven by Society at least if
they're on the left politically anyway
but I don't just mean leaders I also
mean in day-to-day life amongst the
average person
and look at what happens during divorce
proceedings custody battles and alimony
payments now it's common knowledge in
Western Nations that these decisions
favor the mother almost all of the time
despite the mother sometimes being the
egregiously wrong party not always not
always but often if a woman has children
when she's single in a society like a
strata at least single parenting
payments are awarded by the government
meaning women are either able to fund
their poor decisions or lifestyle
choices through the balance sheet of a
current or former partner or just
through taxpayers in society at large
through tax collection and income
redistribution New Zealand is similar in
this Regard in this way the government
becomes the mother
similarly to the way work ideology
operates because the government is
setting itself up to be incapable of
being criticized because if you do
you're essentially hurting a woman's
feelings by not being sufficiently
grateful of everything she does by
providing for you doing an essential
good even if you can't see it in the
present moment this again Echoes North
Korea where the mother party can't be
criticized or if not can't be in the
west then shouldn't be it's not a good
look to criticize the welfare state
let's say where the rubber hits the road
with the military however is that they
are moving into the same sphere as
evidenced by the evolution of
transgenderism while performing military
service as well as the concept of being
a military that cares and nurtures its
soldiers have a look at Jameson's
travels videos for further material
about this this then extends presumably
to those that the military comes into
contact with during its overseas
deployments the military has moved from
being a father figure the just wait
until your father gets home kind of
thing air of impending force to be
reckoned with to being another feminized
institution which cannot be criticized
lest its feelings be hurt I mean the
recent U.S Army Recruitment ad which was
heavily criticized by people turned off
its comments
on the YouTube video because you
wouldn't want to hurt the feelings of
the US Army would you the military is
meant to be detached from emotions in
order to carry out its duties
effectively and in a functioning
democracy it should be criticized and
held to account for its actions if we
want to find a society where this weird
concept of the military is prevalent and
we need look no further than once again
North Korea criticism of the military
there is apps absolutely Beyond The Pale
because the military provides not merely
stability but employment a sense of
political continuity the same way a
mother provides stability a fairer share
of resources to meet the needs of each
member of the household and a sense of
continuity which binds the family
together to criticize that aspect of
society or family is to bring the entire
thing crashing down in other words in
the west what we have are the early
signs where the military is concerned
and I don't think this is a slippery
slope not yet but it is signs of a
creeping kind of totalitarianism in
which the government and the military
cannot be as easily criticized because
it has become a mothering type
institution or institutions and to
criticize means questioning the very
underpinnings of our society the rise of
the feminization of social issues and by
extent mentioned the government which is
seen as responsible for managing those
in today's world as well as the creeping
feminization of the military puts these
institutions into a new and untested
space in Western societies even worse
putting the government and the military
into that space has been tested before
in other societies and was seen as
reasons that democracy should be
superseded or even ended entirely in the
status quo of the mother being Beyond
criticism maintained on a permanent
basis all of this to me is reminiscent
of Alan Watts prickles and Guru or in
language it's the bubakiki dichotomy now
if you haven't seen Alan Watts prickles
and goo video right here you haven't
heard him talk about this then pause
this video and go and watch it right now
it is crucial viewing to understand what
I'm about to say but also just because
you know it's a few minutes long and
it's deeply insightful now Alan Watts
never spoke about this prickles versus
girthing as being male versus female
energy or the stereotypical more
feminine versus masculine traits but I
will now no value judgment is being made
here no value judgments being made here
like what I think that prickles and Guru
male and female are both necessary both
necessary to understand the world
because reality is prickles and goo or
Kiki and buba or as Alan says prickly
goo or gooey prickles
prickles is kind of like the discrete
goo is like the continuous again go
watch the video I fully admit you know
in terms of Personality online I'm more
prickles than goo at times anyways catch
me around my friends and I'm almost
entirely goo prickly goo perhaps but I'm
not online I get that I want to speak
clearly in this clipped sort of tone
that Alan Watts talks about and that's
prickly there are no contradictions in
reality and I want to understand reality
here but you know personal relationships
require goo because other people are
often gooey so you have to meet them in
their GUI complexity it's not like I'm a
completely different person online and
offline it's just horses for courses but
this video this podcast is not about me
or personal relationships
booba and Kiki or prickles and goo or
discrete and continuous are basically
ways of talking about everything because
everything consists of prickly discreet
stuff and gooey continuous stuff it's
both together
we human beings are people
and are Universal as I talk about so
often here and in principle can
understand everything or rather anything
but we tend to focus on certain things
men broadly speaking
tend to focus on prickles women on the
goo
generally generally but it's true there
are masculine women and feminine men gay
men are often thought feminine but
that's only half true the other half are
known as Butch
the former camp in the gay World neither
a judge does superior they just aren't
no matter what some factions might say
the point I am making is about broad
generalizations I'm doing the James
demore thing remember him I'm talking
about the mean the average when of
course there's a bell curve and we admit
that populations of men and women have
this bell curve distribution but that's
not to deny there isn't an average going
on here with these traits we don't deny
the outliers exist but means and medians
exist so let's go back to the military
and what is regarded by many as the
Western tendency recently of feminizing
the military the military needs to be
prickles it just does
mothers need to be goo babies need love
and doting
but there Comes A Time for prickles kids
must learn about the harshness and
sharpness of the world that they are
being nurtured within this isn't saying
children need coercion this isn't saying
be mean to Children this is saying they
need to be exposed to reality kids must
learn about the harshness and sharpness
of the world the father traditionally
serves that role for right or wrong
that's the traditional gender role
fathers just traditionally have been a
little more prickly and it's not a bad
thing at all nor is goo a Bad Thing both
are needed to understand the dichotomies
of the world light and shade right and
wrong good and evil creativity criticism
conjecture refutation there exist
dichotomies in the world success failure
so it goes approaching them through
prickles and goo is needed the military
is prickles nursing is goo medicine is
both it's prickly goo but there is
pathological prickles and pathological
goo the latter is what Jordan Peterson
referring to Carl Jung calls the
devouring mother one of the four types
of mothering impulses according to Jung
the devouring mother is pathological goo
pathological prickles is male aggression
that tips into initiating violence
violent criminals in other words men
kill other people they rape and they
steal not that some women don't do this
as well remember the distinction between
the mean and the distribution but women
when goo goes wrong destroy lives not
typically through violence and murder
although that can happen again Means
versus distributions but women destroy
people's lives through devouring gossip
over protection authoritarianism
Desiring control the motherland that's
Russia we'll do everything for you says
Communism we'll control you sure they
also use male violence as Hitler did and
Stalin did but ultimately the state
becomes a devouring mother in
totalitarian regimes it is both parents
mother and father at the level of the
state prickles and goo working hand in
glove to tyrannize the world but it
begins with mothering at first before
Dad gets called in wait until your
father gets home in other words the
military comes to us with friendly soft
overtones of like well we're here for
you all of the time we are you and you
are us and when you reject their
overbearing softness and their attempt
to be mother to all then they say well
now Dad's here and the military
literally gets violent against its own
people this is what happens in
totalitarian regimes I'm not saying it's
happened yet I'm saying this is what
goes on in places like China do we want
a softer military do we want a mother
military do we want a gooey military
focused on
lgbtqia plus diversity do we want to
show anything other than prickles to our
enemy
there is a place for goo in the home in
welfare charity and generosity but in
the military that's prickles in MMA and
UFC it's all prickles the police are
mainly prickles but they're gooey
prickles we want them to be nice at
times especially to law-abiding citizens
and to some kinds of petty criminals
police need to be able to show
compassion but there is much less place
for compassion on the front lines of the
military yes absolutely in the west we
take prisoners we show Mercy to the
enemy who surrenders but otherwise it's
win-win-win the military is only ever
used when civilization is threatened so
we want prickles we don't need soft
inclusive mothering let's welcome
everyone no we want hard difficult to
get in hard to get through tough
protective father that's the military
it's not inclusive it's a very exclusive
Club of tough men and women it's not
about love and inclusion it's the
bouncer at the door with a scale on his
face excluding people sure on a very
tight leash of the manager of the club
the democratically elected government in
other words in the west but that's
because the bouncer is ever looking
outwards at those who aren't inside yet
he's prickly he the masculine energy we
want that guy he's the guy even at the
gay club who's letting everyone from all
walks of life into the club but you want
a particularly tough guy at the gay club
let me tell you you don't want the camp
feminine twink standing at the door
deciding who comes in and out he'll be
walked over you want the big Butch guy
who knows how to fight he's not
tolerating any BS and when the manager
comes to The Bouncer and says that guy
there he's not coming in well that guy
isn't getting past the bouncer that's
the military that's our military and
traditionally that's been our military
he's the biggest baddest guy around so
it's quite right that people are upset
about anything that lowers standards or
makes the military seem like they're
doing anything other than being a scary
fighting force ready to die for the rest
of us because that's their job it's not
to provide opportunity or to make anyone
feel good about themselves it's about
doing a particular job to be the
prickles so that other people in our
society are free to be as gooey as they
like check out the differences between
advertisements many people have done
analysis of these there is the American
Army advertisement for Recruitment and I
won't play it here because it's
copyrighted material but take a look
links in the description compare it to
the Marines recruitment advertisement
from exactly the same country from the
US and see which one a young boy or even
a young girl would want to to join what
looks more heroic for a person who is
thinking of going into the military
which one would you prefer and also
compare the US Army advertisement to the
way in which the militaries of Russia
and China recruit their people is it any
Wonder people are criticizing this
impulse from certain parts of the West
for making our militaries seem softer
it's quite right that people are upset
about anything that lowers standards or
makes our military seem like they're
doing anything other than being a scary
fighting force ready to die for the rest
of us these people are heroes it's their
job it's not the place of the military
to provide opportunity to everyone or to
make anyone feel good about themselves
even if that's what happens with
soldiers and Marines and sailors and
Airmen yes it does help some people to
find their inner strength to improve
their self-esteem but ultimately the
military is about doing a particular job
to be the prickles
so that other people in our society are
free to be as gooey as they like credit
once more to Jeremy Allen for much of
the material here until next time
bye-bye
foreign
[Music]
thank you